NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[♪♪♪]
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
"But the witch
had eaten too much cake,
"and fallen asleep.
"So the fairy tiptoed
past the sleeping cat,
"waved her wand,
"'Abracadroo, abracadee
"Unfreeze the children
And set them all free'
"And in a flash,
the witch's spell was undone.
"As the sun came up
and the stars went away,
"all of the children
found themselves
safely back in their beds."
The end.
Mommy,
why did the witch
freeze all the children?
Oh. I don't know.
Maybe the witch didn't like
the noise the children made,
and just happened to know
a spell for freezing them.
Yes, thank you, Nanny Plum.
Not eating
for a year and a day
must have made the children
very hungry.
No. The witch had frozen them
solid,
like frozen peas.
Now frozen peas
don't get hungry, do they?
KIDS:
No.
Queen Thistle,
where do the stars go
in the daytime?
I'm sorry, Ben?
You said the sun came up
and the stars went away.
But where did the stars go?
Uh, well,
let's see what the book says.
Hm. It doesn't say
where the stars went.
Nanny Plum, do you know
where the stars go
in the daytime?
Uh... No.
BEN & HOLLY:
Oh.
Perhaps we should ask
King Thistle,
he knows
how the world works.
Yes. Let's go and ask Daddy.
[KIDS GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]
[KIDS CONTINUE GIGGLING]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Enter.
Daddy, Daddy.
Can we ask you a question?
Yes, of course, Holly.
What is it?
Can you tell us
where the stars go
in the daytime?
Ha-ha-ha. What?
Where do the stars go
when the sun comes up?
Well, they go--
Yes, they go... Heh.
Uh, I'm actually rather busy
at the moment, Holly.
Our storybook said
the stars went away.
But it didn't say
where they went.
Oh, I see. Well...
There are plenty of books
in the Royal Library.
One of them
might have the answer.
Good idea, Queen Thistle.
Come on, everyone.
[♪♪♪]
Wow.
It's very untidy in here.
That's because
these are magic books.
You are very naughty books.
Flying about and fidgeting.
Chop-chop.
Go sort yourselves out.
A, B, C, neatly please.
How do we find
what we're looking for?
These are magic books.
You just ask them.
Excuse me, books.
Where do the stars go
in the daytime?
Do you have anything
about stars at all?
HOLLY:
Ooh.
Look at all the fancy
writing.
What does it say?
Has it got the answer?
It says,
"Little Star, we ask you
to make our wishes
all come true"
Oh. It's just a spell
for wishing on a star.
BEN & HOLLY:
Oh.
I think these magic books
are only for making spells,
not for answering questions.
But, Nanny,
why don't you know the answer?
I'm Nanny Plum.
Not an astrophysicist.
Astro-fizzle-sist?
What's that?
Oh, just someone
who knows a lot
about stars and space
and things.
Elves know
a lot about things.
We could ask my mom and dad.
Are your mom and dad
astro-fizzle-sists?
Uh, maybe. Let's go and see.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
ALL: Hello.
My goodness.
Mom, Dad,
are you astro-fizzle-sists?
BOTH: No. We're elves.
[BOTH BLOW HORNS]
[GIGGLES]
Do you know where the stars go
in the daytime?
BOTH:
Uh... No.
Nobody knows the answer.
Maybe we could ask
the Wise Old Elf.
Yes. He's wise.
He's old.
ALL:
And he's an elf.
[BLOWING HORN]
[LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
This is the Wise Old Elf's
study,
where he thinks about things,
and is wise, and stuff.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Enter.
ALL:
Hello.
Good afternoon, everybody.
How can I help you?
Wise Old Elf,
we have a question.
The answer
wasn't in our storybook.
It's an elf question,
not really a fairy matter.
So we thought,
as you are the Wise Old Elf...
Yes, of course.
Ask me any question.
Anything at all.
[CLEARING THROAT]
Where do the stars go
in the daytime?
Uh--
Ask me another question.
On sport, perhaps.
You're not really wise,
are you?
You're just old.
So, Old Elf,
you don't know the answer?
Uh... No.
But I do know
where to find it.
Where?
Follow me.
[♪♪♪]
Is it far?
All of this searching
for answers
has made me a bit tired.
We can take the lift.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Mind the doors, please.
Where are we going?
We are going
to the Great Elf Library.
Great Elf Library indeed.
It's probably just a dusty
old cupboard.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Goodness me.
Shh. This is a library.
We must be quiet.
HOLLY:
Wow. It's huge.
KING:
There are so many books here.
How do you stop them
flying about and fidgeting?
These are not magic books,
Your Majesty.
Oh. Well, how do you ever find
what you are looking for then?
We ask
the wise old librarian.
So where is this
wise old librarian?
[CLEARING THROAT]
Can I help you?
Are you the librarian?
Yes.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Do you know where the stars go
in the daytime?
[BEEPING AND WHIRRING]
Yes.
The answer
is in the astrophysics section,
second row,
reference 520.34.
This way.
But we already looked
in books for the answer.
What books did you look in?
We looked in my storybook.
And we looked
in magic spellbooks.
Well, there are different books
for different things.
There are books
with stories in...
Ooh. Look, witches.
And books
about how things work.
Wow! A rocket book.
There are books
about music.
Oompah music for elves.
My favorite.
Books about animals.
Oh, chickens.
That's interesting.
Books about vegetables.
Oh, yes, I like vegetables.
Especially peas.
You can find out any answer
if you look in the right book.
Ah. Here we are.
A book on stars.
Is this going to have
the answer?
Let's see.
Is everybody comfortable?
ALL [WHISPERING]:
Yes, Queen Thistle.
"On clear nights,
"we can see the stars
twinkling in the sky.
"The light we see from each star
is tiny,
"the tiniest little spot
of light.
We can only see it
because the sky is so dark."
Black.
The night sky is pure blackness.
Yes, it is, Holly.
"But when the morning comes,
"and the sun rises,
the sky gets brighter
and the stars disappear."
But, Mommy,
where do the stars go?
They don't go anywhere.
What?
They're still shining
in the sky.
We just can't see them anymore
because the sky is so bright.
It's obvious.
I knew that.
"And when the sun goes down
and the sky gets darker,
we can see the stars again."
When the sun goes.
Of course.
So, Daddy,
where does the sun go?
Well, it...
Ah. Wise Old Elf?
[LAUGHS]
These books should answer
that question, Your Majesty.
[GRUNTS]
ALL:
Hooray!
Shh.
This is a library.
We must be quiet.
ALL [WHISPERING]:
Hooray.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the meadow.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[GASTON BARKING]
To you, Gaston.
[BARKING]
[GIGGLES]
To you, Ben.
Ha-ha-ha. To you, Holly.
To you, Bobby Bee.
[BUZZING]
[YELPS]
Who are you?
[SQUEAKING]
It's a caterpillar.
Hello.
[SQUEAKS]
Ben, can you speak
Caterpillar language?
Um, not really.
[SQUEAKS]
It sounds like she's saying,
"Betty."
Ha, ha. Hello, Betty.
[SQUEAKING]
We're playing
with our friends
Gaston the Ladybird,
[BARKING]
and Bobby Bee.
[BUZZES]
Would you like to play too?
That must mean yes.
Um, let's play racing.
Fastest across the meadow
is the winner.
Can we fly?
No flying, and no magic.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Ready...
steady...
Go!
[♪♪♪]
[BARKS]
Wow!
Look at Betty go.
[BARKS]
[PANTING]
Wow! Well done, Betty.
[SQUEAKING]
How about Gaston
showing us some tricks?
Good idea, Ben.
We can sit and watch for a bit.
[BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES THEN BARKING]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[BUZZING]
[BARKING]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
HOLLY:
Look.
Betty Caterpillar is sad.
[CRYING]
I think she feels
a bit left out.
[BOBBY BEE BUZZING]
[GASTON BARKING]
[CRYING]
I know how to cheer her up.
Oh, good. Go on then, Ben.
Don't be sad, Betty.
Flying isn't everything.
Elves can't fly,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[CRYING]
That didn't
cheer her up much.
[CONTINUES CRYING]
Maybe I can make her fly
by magic.
Can you do that?
Um, I think so.
[TINKLING]
Abracadabra
Fly, Betty, fly
[♪♪♪]
[GIGGLING]
Wow! It worked.
[SCREAMING]
Oh. I didn't expect that
to happen.
[SCREAMING]
We need to rescue her.
I could do another spell.
No, no.
I've got a better idea.
[♪♪♪]
[BETTY SCREAMING]
Yahoo!
Whoa! Steady, Betty.
Whoa, whoa!
[PANTING]
That's better.
Brilliant.
BEN:
Aah!
[♪♪♪]
Hello, Holly.
Oh. Hello, Daddy.
BEN:
Whoa!
What on earth is going on?
Uh, Ben's in a spot
of bother.
Whoa! Help!
Ah, I see.
Help! Help!
[TINKLING]
Flippity flop
Stop, stop, stop
What were you doing
to that poor creature?
We were just trying
to help her.
Betty's sad
that she can't fly.
I see.
Well, you needn't worry.
She'll be flying soon enough
on her own.
How?
Well, because
she's one of those...
Uh, insect things.
BEN:
A caterpillar?
KING:
Thank you, Ben.
Yes, a caterpillar.
And they change, don't they?
Do they?
Of course they do.
So you've nothing
to worry about.
Uh, right.
If you want to help,
you can find her
some leaves to eat.
[MUNCHING]
So if we want
to help her fly,
we have to find more leaves?
Exactly.
She needs to eat
lots and lots of leaves.
Why?
You'll see.
First, gather up the leaves.
Okay. Let's see who can get
the most leaves.
Okay, you're on.
[♪♪♪]
[MUNCHING]
Oh. Do you think we fed Betty
too many leaves?
Yes, she's a tiny bit fat.
There's no way
she'll ever fly.
That's better.
She's a good weight now.
Uh, Daddy, how can this help
Betty fly?
Ha, ha. You'll see.
[BELL RINGING]
Home time!
Ah. That's Nanny Plum
calling me in.
[BLOWING HORN]
Ben! Home time!
And that's my dad.
See you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow, Ben.
Goodnight, Betty.
[SNORING]
HOLLY:
Daddy told us to feed Betty,
but now she's so big
she'll never fly.
Daddy must be wrong.
Holly, Daddy's never wrong.
He's a king,
and he's very, uh, wise.
But how will Betty fly?
Wait and see.
Good night, Holly.
Goodnight, Mommy.
[♪♪♪]
BEN:
But how
will Betty Caterpillar fly?
Well, she won't exactly
be a caterpillar anymore.
Uh, I don't get it.
You will tomorrow.
Good night, Ben.
Good night, Dad.
[ROOSTER CROWS]
Morning time.
[♪♪♪]
Ben! Ben!
[STOMPING]
Holly!
[GIGGLING]
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
Oh. Where's Betty?
Um, I don't know.
But look at that.
Ugh. What is it?
Don't know,
but it wasn't here yesterday.
BOTH:
Hiya.
Hi, Violet. Hi, Strawberry.
Ugh. What's that?
We don't know.
It's a cocoon.
Caterpillars make them.
So is Betty Caterpillar
inside?
Yes,
but when she comes out,
she won't be a caterpillar
anymore.
What will she be?
Um... Maybe a frog.
A frog?
Or maybe a bird.
I see. Betty Caterpillar's
going to turn into a bird,
then she'll fly.
[♪♪♪]
Ah, a cocoon.
Yes, Daddy.
Betty Caterpillar
is inside it.
And when she comes out,
she'll be able to fly.
Because she'll be a bird.
Uh... Actually,
caterpillars don't normally
change into birds.
Do they change into frogs?
Um, not frogs either.
But what will she--?
[CRACKS]
[ALL GASP]
[SQUEAKING]
Hello, Betty.
Oh. She looks the same.
[SQUEAKING]
[GIGGLES]
She's got wings.
[GIGGLING]
Wow! She's a butterfly.
ALL:
Betty Butterfly.
Whee!
[LAUGHING]
[GASTON BARKING]
[BOBBY BEE BUZZING]
Look,
they're all flying together.
[♪♪♪]
She looks really happy.
Let's join them.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Now everyone can fly.
[GIGGLES]
I can't fly.
Uh, Ben, I thought elves
were rather good
at using ladybirds to fly?
That's right.
Elves can fly on ladybirds.
And I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
Gaston.
[BARKING]
Thanks, Gaston.
Giddy up, giddy up.
[BARKING]
Yee-haw!
[ALL LAUGHING]
Whee!
HOLLY:
Betty Butterfly.
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]